#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt.tmp requirements.in
#
anyascii==0.3.0
    # via wagtail
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-htmx
    #   scout-apm
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
basket-client==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
boto3==1.34.158
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.34.158
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   scout-apm
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via social-auth-core
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
    #   willow
dj-database-url==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-admin-sortable
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-csp
    #   django-filter
    #   django-htmx
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-pattern-library
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-querystring-tag
    #   django-redis
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   laces
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   wagtail
    #   wagtail-footnotes
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtail-localize-git
    #   wagtailmedia
django-admin-sortable==2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-csp==3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==23.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
django-htmx==1.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-modelcluster==6.2.1
    # via wagtail
django-pattern-library==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via wagtail
django-querystring-tag==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-redis==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==6.1.0
    # via wagtail
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via wagtail
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail
draftjs-exporter==2.1.7
    # via wagtail
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-factories
faker==26.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
filetype==1.2.0
    # via willow
future==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via wagtail-localize-git
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
heroku3==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
l18n==2021.3
    # via wagtail
laces==0.1.2
    # via wagtail
markdown==3.4.4
    # via django-pattern-library
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   scipy
    #   wagtail-ab-testing
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
openpyxl==3.1.0
    # via wagtail
packaging==23.1
    # via gunicorn
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   pillow-heif
    #   wagtail
pillow-heif==0.14.0
    # via willow
polib==1.1.1
    # via wagtail-localize
psutil==5.9.0
    # via scout-apm
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygit2==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-localize-git
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via social-auth-core
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   faker
    #   heroku3
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via social-auth-core
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   l18n
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via django-pattern-library
redis==4.5.4
    # via django-redis
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   basket-client
    #   heroku3
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
    #   wagtail
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via social-auth-core
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
scipy==1.10.0
    # via wagtail-ab-testing
scout-apm==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==2.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   basket-client
    #   l18n
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
social-auth-app-django==5.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.4.1
    # via social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via django
telepath==0.3.1
    # via wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.2
    # via wagtail-localize-git
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via wagtail-inventory
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   wagtail-localize
ua-parser==0.18.0
    # via user-agents
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   scout-apm
    #   sentry-sdk
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via wagtail-ab-testing
wagtail==6.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-ab-testing
    #   wagtail-color-panel
    #   wagtail-factories
    #   wagtail-footnotes
    #   wagtail-inventory
    #   wagtail-localize
    #   wagtail-localize-git
    #   wagtail-metadata
    #   wagtailmedia
wagtail-ab-testing==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-color-panel==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-factories==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-footnotes==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-inventory==3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-localize==1.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wagtail-localize-git
wagtail-localize-git==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtail-metadata==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wagtailmedia==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
whitenoise==6.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
willow[heif]==1.8.0
    # via
    #   wagtail
    #   willow
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via scout-apm
